This is the exact way to use this code if you input any weird things and symbols the code will not work. 
The code only accepts correct english letters and symbols.
if you input two cases next to eachother without a space the code would simply do nothing
There is a maximum of 3 punctuation marks next to each other



    Convert hexadecimal to decimal: Replace a word followed by (hex) with its decimal equivalent.
    Example: "1E (hex) files were added" becomes "30 files were added".

    Convert binary to decimal: Replace a word followed by (bin) with its decimal equivalent.
    Example: "10 (bin) years" becomes "2 years".

    Uppercase conversion: Replace a word followed by (up) with its uppercase version.
    Example: "Ready, set, go (up) !" becomes "Ready, set, GO !".

    Lowercase conversion: Replace a word followed by (low) with its lowercase version.
    Example: "I should stop SHOUTING (low)" becomes "I should stop shouting".

    Capitalization: Replace a word followed by (cap) with its capitalized version.
    Example: "Welcome to the Brooklyn bridge (cap)" becomes "Welcome to the Brooklyn Bridge".

    Multiple word case conversion: For (low, <number>), (up, <number>), and (cap, <number>), convert the specified number of preceding words to lowercase, uppercase, or capitalized, respectively.
    Example: "This is so exciting (up, 2)" becomes "This is SO EXCITING".

    Punctuation spacing: Place punctuation marks (., ,, !, ?, :, ;) directly after the preceding word, and leave a space after the punctuation. Exceptions are made for multiple consecutive punctuation marks like ... or !?..
    Example: "I was sitting over there ,and then BAMM !!" becomes "I was sitting over there, and then BAMM!!".

    Apostrophe placement: Place apostrophes directly next to the word(s) they enclose, without any spaces.
    Example: "I am exactly how they describe me: ' awesome '" becomes "I am exactly how they describe me: 'awesome'".

    A/an usage: Replace a with an if the following word starts with a vowel (a, e, i, o, u) or an "h".
    Example: "There it was. A amazing rock!" becomes "There it was. An amazing rock!".
